What you'll learn
Terraform for AWS
Terraform
AWS
DevOps
Description
Trying to Make Sense of Terraform For AWS?



Psst… are you trying to piece together code from awful documentations?



Getting lost in endless amounts of theory and reading… wasting hours and hours of your life…

Just to feel overwhelmed once you’re trying to apply your ‘knowledge’?

If you’re looking for a clear and detailed tutorial that guides you step-by-step through the foundations of Terraform without “death-by-PowerPoint”, look no further.

Because once you’ve mastered this skill set, you’ll be able to work on your own terraform project or apply for your next DevOps job which is among the HOTTEST and HIGHEST earning roles in IT right now.



And this course will teach you how to get there.

Hi, I’m TJ Addams.



With nearly 10 years in IT project roles, I spent a lot of time teaching over 16,000+ people on- and offline. So they can become ready to use their skills in production, even without prior experience.



I simplify all the processes new students need to understand. And I provide a clear roadmap on what to learn to produce results fast.



Everything I teach is based on what is used in industry and cutting out what isn’t.



I operated in lead support roles to Project Sponsors, Platform Engineers, Solutions Architects, Developers, and Testers & have worked with UK Government partners to develop real-time systems underpinned by Terraform. I also have operated in diverse sectors including consulting, technology services and digital transformation; private online healthcare; and biomedical research.



This allows me to bring you unique insights way beyond the trivial "hello world" type of examples...



... coupled with lots of demos, tips, and advice on how it’s used in industry. I cover the nitty-gritty to help you stand out from the crowd and learn the things most engineers don't even know about.



Your Fast Track To Terraform—From 0 to Ready To Use In No Time



This easy-to-consume course helps you to tie all the key concepts together and fill in any unnecessary knowledge gaps you might have—getting you up to speed with all the foundations you need in no time.



This is NOT about presenting you hundreds of topics with no continuity between subjects, like college textbooks that bore you to death.



Everything you’ll see in this course is based on what is used in industry and cutting out what isn’t. So you don’t need to spend long hours studying—especially if you don’t have the time for it.



90% Hands-On / 10% Theory / 0% Wasting Time



Instead, you’ll get easy to follow step-by-step video tutorials. While watching these videos, you’ll be able to follow along and gain valuable hands-on experience. This will give you a head start for finishing your first very own Terraform project as quickly and efficiently as possible.



You’ll complete quick challenges and exercises throughout the course. This helps you digest every lesson and discover Terraforms true capabilities. It ensures you to get you comfortable with coming up with solutions on your own. Exactly like you would in real-life scenarios.



This way, you can be sure to get the clarity and the confidence you need before diving deep into Terraform. So prepare yourself to get your hands dirty!



What You’ll Get In This Course



You’ll get access to a comprehensive and up-to-date guide that gives you a solid understanding of how Terraform works. You also get the tools and resources you need to start your own Terraform project and produce results TODAY. This includes:



Follow along videos to put everything into practice as you learn

Over 40 step by step video tutorials for creating infrastructure like ….



Databases on AWS with RDS



Configuring EC2 instances



Creating custom IAM policies with JSON



Remote backends using S3 storage



Setting up Security Groups



Demystifying Terraform modules and creating your own



Working with Elastic IP’s (EIP)



Managing dependencies on resources



How to understand the documentation



And much more



Unique challenges to master Terraform quickly and put your new skills to the test



Nearly 3 hours of on-demand training



A 30-day 100% money-back guarantee



The course is in 0.11 syntax (due to re-filmed soon) because that’s what companies are STILL USING. But this course ALSO includes Terraform v0.12, the latest and greatest version so you’re not missing out

Here’s What Others Have To Say About This Course:

“This is a fast track, but for that cannot be considered as a rushed introduction to the Terraform concepts and practices, instead you can expect to be a fast and very accurate pass through the concepts, tips and trick necessaries for starting to produce results today”

“I have taken Terraform course because I might need it in my DevOps role. It is very informative and contents is very details. Love it. Thanks !”



“Hey TJ,Brilliant course. I like the small step by step videos but I loved the way you got stuck into the exercises pretty much off the bat. I found it far easier to digest Terraform and learn about its true capabilities having been through some more complex training. A great course for newbies!!! I hope you have some more courses in the pipeline. Thanks again.”

By The End Of This Course You’ll …



Ace your next job interview



Understand the documentation and fly solo



Mastered modules and how you can use them



Be ready to deploy your infrastructure with Terraform



Have an advantage over others with your freshly updated CV



Be the guy who solves the project you’re working on



Progress further in your career



Solve problems confidently & comfortable



Get your job done quickly and efficiently



Have all the tools & resources you need to get started immediately after finishing this course

FAQ

What do I need to get started?

Laptop and a desire to learn Terraform--I’ll cover the rest



Say Goodbye To Confusing Documentation!



Buy now.



Who this course is for:
DevOps Engineers
IT Engineers
System Administrators
Sys Admins
Developers
